"Peace, happiness, more soothing immoral and not destructive, not making parties there, not making
kind of talking about the different things of the subject that even is nothing related with that
person, just really stay quietly peaceful, except only supporting calm, peaceful, uplifting
statement of those who say. Those are what we can do from family side."
Family side or friends, friends that we can do that.
And then that individual, the person, one who is living, if they are practitioners, for example,
such as like us, we are practitioners.
We have to now understand our practices, our meditation, our organization, our meditation, our
concentrations, not worry and sad.
Sad. We have to be strong. We have to think. Time this world started, until now, there is no
history to anybody's state forever. Everybody left.
Everybody also must be tried to stay, same way as we do. There must be a tribe, but no one ever to
stay. All left. Now, I'm following that highway.
So why I have tomorrow is nothing around me. And we just met all encouragement to your self. Then
Buddhism both itself, the great beings, also that who I am not.
And with all thought, we strengthen our meditation, our practices, our visualizations, all both
each other, joy and appreciation.
And recollecting back all the good activities that you did in our lives, all in your lives.
Why? Whatever we did, if you remember that, I did that, kind of reaffirming, re-glorifying, I did
the good things, I did that, this and that.
Just strengthen your confidence with those good religious practices.
And at the same time, also dedicated those marriages. Whatever the marriage, whatever it has,
anything, I dedicated that to all beings.
I offer to the Buddha, Dhamma and Sangha, Gaurapayama, Sangha, Buddha, Amitabha.
All your personal close duties teach. And many times in the teaching said that you can, is the Amit
abha, is it?
Very special Buddha, because Amitabha has his own inspirations.
In the previous life, when we go here, it's such a bodhisattva.
That time, he met such those inspirations, particularly those who are having scary with dying and
death or those who are going out of status.
And then our help and our support, and the moment they think, whoever thinks me, that I will be
there and I will guide that all which might be your life.
And may that happen. Those statements don't happen. Not going to happen.
May I'm not going to get enlightenment or may I should get enlightenment.
Many made those statements and many statement, as he made the statement, he fulfilled those goals
in rich enlightenment.
And so, that's called the Buddha Amitabha.
He's a very special Buddha after death and the dying, particularly when we are scared to be the
death.
And so, for that reason, the Buddha Shakyamuni taught a lot of teachings on the Amitabha that we
all know.
He taught a lot of teachings on Amitabha, and many great masters ever since in Tibet have been
practicing Amitabha all the time.
Because this death is our next stage. It's just the next stage.
No matter what age we are, it is our next level.
It's the next level we have to go there.
So, therefore, always in the teachings said that we should always connect to Amitabha.
And not just ourselves, but others who are dying.
It's not just the dying who are dying.
Right this moment, this moment, there's maybe thousands or millions, maybe really living their
lives.
So, have you prayed to thinking of those beings? Can you pray? And is it really that?
It is also part of our bodhicata practice. It is good.
So, thinking of this, again, this strengthens our meditation in practices.
Those are always in the teachings said that maybe you are good to you.
I mean, you know that. It's a beautiful woman of Miss America, meaning she goes ready to go on the
stage.
What does she do behind the scenes, or back side of the door, or other side of the door?
She will look again herself in the mirror.
The mirror sees if everything is okay and good and all.
And then she goes on the stage without any doubt or hesitation and she will become Miss America.
Similarly, we are going to that, on that sport, and before that we should be rehearsing ourselves,
prepare ourselves, check up that, read that.
This is practicing, generally the practicing is rehearsing. In particular, in that time, we
connected our meditation.
We are really rehearsing. We are ready to go on stage, or we are ready to parachute.
We are not going to parachute. I don't know which is good or not, but we are going to parachute
upward.
Without any, what's it called, gravitas.
Gravitas. We are going to go up. That's it. We are going up without gravitation.
Gravitation is gone. We are going up.
I said, look, the signal came to you.
So, this practice, thinking of those all is so important in the teachings.
We really should do those things, and we should support every practice, every son or friend member,
we should support those practices.
Nice, gentle, very peaceful respect manners that we should be happy to sound a member.
Not just the son or members, but even if they are not sound a member, we should be very gentle,
peaceful, respectful, manning that we have to do that.
And then, that is our spiritual side, spiritual practice.
And all this side, then we should also give up the attachment to our belongings, our wealth, our
relatives, our friends, family members, all that.
We should feel happy in the joy we spend the time with them.
We did good things, and we've been wonderful. We did one of the things.
Now, I'm going to cut my glass, cleaning that.
I'm going to wish every good thing for them.
Not just only for them, but in the teachings said, I heard from the teachers, from his only
religion, and as well as ofils that we should really make men out of us.
Everything, everything, your dearest belongings, dearest things, anything that you have.
Now, if you think I'm going to offer that to the Buddha Dhamma Sangha and to the Amitabha,
including my body, my son, I'm going to offer.
So, you should really make very gigantic medallas.
Not just for one time, but think that again and in every way.
Many times, and let that offer. Once you offer that, then it's in a way, logically, it's theirs.
Therefore, I'm not going to attach it. I'm not going to clean it.
Whatever that happens, that happens. Let that happen.
I'm not going to think of any of those.
So, with those thoughts, try to cut, grasp and clean these things.
And now, with that thought, again rehearsing practices.
And then, with that, that happens.
Now, when we begin to do that stages, and now, then, many different stages of science will come, in
the teachings said.
Many different, because it's a graduation way, it's then, gradually, the science will come.
Those science, generally, in the teaching said, they started to post that what it does is it,
because now we have the whole of five chakras.
Grand chakra, sweet chakra, heart chakra, and narrow chakras, and then super chakras.
According to the teaching, the first chakra is going to break the door, in a way, lose it.
Of course, already everything, all, every system, is let a deteriorate, deteriorate.